I wish somebody told me this earlier. I
went ahead and set up five open claws
because that was all the jazz. That was
all the hype. And I found some very
amazing things that I can't essentially
I can't tell everybody here, but I'll
tell you some more about what I found
that I can tell you about.
>> I found I can tell you about
>> it's actually insane and I think it's
gamechanging because everybody's
distracted right now with OpenClaw and I
think OpenClaw is sick. Yes, of course.
But um as an automated trader who my
ultimate goal is to remove all my
emotions and never have to trade again,
you know, I'll show you step by step how
to do that around here. But along the
way, I come across new tools like
OpenClaw. Okay, let's go ahead and set
up OpenClaw on five different computers.
Well, there was a specific use case that
I started to run into with OpenClaw that
it wasn't able to handle. So, what I did
is I finally, and I think a lot of
people are sleeping on this. I think a
lot of people are sleeping on this
Claude Chrome extension. It's actually
really sick. I I have it set up here.
You can see and open Claude. You just
add it to your your Chrome here. And
what this did for me was something that
took would have taken a month for me to
do, but I did it in a week.
>> Something that took would have taken a
month for me to do,
>> which is quite insane if you think about
it because until now we've all been
trying to fiddle around with open claw.
We've been waiting for AI to do anything
for us or everything for us. And now we
finally have
Claude inside of Chrome. And comparing
it to OpenClaw, it works 100 times
better. Just straight up, you know, and
I'm I'm one of the only people that have
tried OpenCloud times five
different computers and actually applied
it to my daily work. And then I went
ahead and tried Claude and Chrome.
Wow, dude.
It's still the start for both of them.
It's still the start. So, we got to be
cognizant of that.
So, I'm not writing open claw off by any
means. I think it's so sick.
But I saw how smooth this worked. Let's
just let's try it out. Let's just go to
like um let's just go to like uh can you
let's just go to like can you navigate
to poly market
and then figure out what the best
markets are where we could take the no
side on
with the biggest chance of us profiting.
and then list me your 10 top markets
after going through Poly Market and
discovering which ones have the best
chance of profiting if we took the no.
Now, historically,
taking the no side is better than taking
it the yes side. So, that's the thesis
I'm going to give you and I want you to
go ahead and go to Poly Market and
[clears throat]
find the top 10 markets. Send me the
names, send me the links, and send me
why you think this is a good no market.
So, you've all we've all used Claude.
We've all used Claude, but they dropped
Claude in Chrome
without mentioning it really. I mean, I
know heard
>> without mentioning it really.
>> You've heard of We've all heard of it.
Sure.
>> But at the end of the day, nobody's
nobody's like uh everybody's distracted,
>> it seems. Oh, they have like little
>> So if everybody's distracted
>> and not using it like I had to use it
for a specific use case because I set up
five open claws and OpenClaw wasn't
working for that. Again, just like
algorithmic trading, nobody's going to
share their exact edge. So I'm not going
to share my exact edge of what I was
building with OpenClaw and why I had to
take what I thought was going to be a
month off to lock in. I got it done in a
weekend
and claude chrome in or whatever this is
croing claud and chrome was part of the
reason I was able to get it done in a
weekend.
So I believe code is a great equalizer.
Anything I find out I'm going to show
you. So you can see she's she's
scrolling through Poly Market right
here.
I wish I would have done it in this
window here but she has access to
everything in this top part. You can see
she's scrolling through Poly Market
trying to figure out that prompt I gave
her. So, you can think of all of these
tasks that you have on your computer,
whether it's like accounting tasks,
whether you have to do your taxes, or
whether you have to log some stuff,
whether you have to you want to look at
two different arbitrageages on one
exchange to another exchange. This is
what OpenClaw was pitched to be really,
but Anthropic leads with safety, so
they're going to roll it out slower.
In my mind,
they're doing the Apple play.
Open Claw is Android. Open Claw works
for any computer.
Claude Chrome only works with Claude.
Now, I know half of you are Android
guys. You want the custom, you want to
be able to customize everything, that's
fine. I support you. I support you in
your endeavor of customizing absolutely
everything, Android guy.
But for those people that like smooth
experiences,
they like to get things done.
They pay for ease of use.
You know, if you got an iPhone, you
understand what I'm talking about.
iPhone's so good because the software is
built by the same company that builds
the hardware.
And that's been my thesis why Claude
code is better than anything else is
because Claude actually built the AI
model and the agentic framework.
Now Chrome, Claude and Chrome absolutely
cooked for me, dude. It would take me a
month to get this done
in a couple days. It involved a lot of
data from a lot of data sources. And
guess what? Chrome Cloud Chrome was able
to log into all of my accounts,
calculate all of this data, follow all
of my instructions. You can see she's
taking a screenshot here.
She's taking a screenshot. She uses
screenshots.
Now, we went ahead and we tried to build
something like this like two years ago,
but it was too hard for Lil Moon two
years ago.
And I'm glad Anthropic went ahead and
took the cake here because like I said,
if the person who builds the model
builds the tools, it's going to be a
better tool at the end of the day. It's
no doubt. Always
always, always, always, bro.
You can see she's navigating to another
event here. So, she's looking through
all of these events.
And the cool thing is is I could go like
this. I could say, "Claude,
let's see this.
Can you go ahead and ask Claude
here in the desktop or in the browser?
Ask her to build me a back test
using back testing. py."
I don't know. That's a stupid one.
That's a stupid one. But I'm just I
wanted to show you that you can have
multiple going at the same time. So,
imagine this.
You've got your Claude in Chrome as your
lawyer over here. You've got your Claude
and Chrome as your marketer over here.
And these can be different Chrome
instances because I can just pull this
off and boom. Now, I've got Claude
working for me in the browser. See,
she's putting the prompts in. I have one
browser set up with Claude. I've got
another browser set up with Claude. I
believe code's a great equalizer.
Whenever I find something big like this,
I have to show you. That's what I'm here
for.
This changes the game for me cuz now I
have these assistants that can actually
control the browser. And I know
everybody wants full computer use and
that's why we like OpenClaw. I get that.
But let's be honest, most of our work is
in the browser. So if Claude, the best
model, is already in the browser, why
isn't anybody talking about this?
I don't get it. But you can see now I
got her cooking in two different places.
Okay, let's have her cook some more.
Dude, that road map I gave you today.
Let's go to it. Let's have her cook with
it. Moonave.comroadap.
Okay, where's the key? I got to get the
key. Okay, you got the key. I think if
you don't have the key, I put the key in
the chat every day. Okay, let's go ahead
and say, okay, we got three browsers.
So, you got three employees. I got two
employees live and I'm about to have a
third one live. Okay, please go through
this road map and come up with the um
yeah, tell me the structure in order to
attack automated trading and then give
me the three best trading ideas that you
can find in this road map that I should
start with. So, you got the road map
already. You probably already have claw
claw.
I've got three different agents working
inside browsers because at the end of
the day, you know that the most of the
work we're doing on our computers are in
the browser, dude. So, why is nobody
talking about this? I don't know. Why I
haven't Why haven't I been using this? I
don't know. When did it even come out?
When did it even come out? Because why
why isn't anybody in the chat talking
about this? Why doesn't anybody know
about this? I ran a poll yesterday and
90% of people had never used Claude and
Chrome before. I had to use Claude and
Chrome because I don't I don't just talk
about stuff, dude. I just I know I yap a
lot. I get that. But I see stuff on
Twitter like Open CL OpenC. Okay, let me
buy a few computers. Let me run it. I
ran Open CL. I know how to I I know
OpenCloud better than most people.
I had to get off Twitter because
everybody's trying to argue me argue
with me about OpenCloud this, OpenCloud
that. Dude, just run it and then you'll
see what I see. That led me to Chrome
inside of
Claude inside of Chrome.
Now we're really cooking, bro. Now we're
really cooking because now look at this.
She's going through, she's using, she's
going through the road map, the road map
that you have access to, and she's
figuring out which one of those
strategies is best. So, you saw me
before with five open claws, but now I'm
going to have 8,000 clauds in Chrome.
When was Claude in Chrome released? And
who is it accessible to?
Because maybe that's why maybe that's
why I ran that poll and 80% of people
said they had not used it yet.
You can see here's a full breakdown. You
can see she did the back test.
August 2025.
That's insane. They're shipping so hard.
They're cooking so hard over there that
they don't even mention stuff like this.
Let me search for the latest information
in on Claude and Chrome. Claude and
Chrome was initially piloted. Okay.
August 25th, it first launched with an
initial cohort of a thousand max plan
users. Okay. On 24 on November 24, it
became available in beta beta to all max
plan users. What's a max plan? On
December 18th, it went to all pro, team,
and enterprise. So cloud is available in
beta to all paid plan subscribers. Pro,
max, team, and enterprise. For team, and
enterprise, admins can enable or
disable.
So, it's available to everybody. I mean,
they're going to make it impossible for
you not to pay Claude at the end of the
day. At the end of the day, they're
going to make it impossible for you not
to be a customer cuz I've got three
different instances and they can do
whatever. You can think anything, dude.
Researchers, uh, planners, coders, uh,
your accountants, your lawyer, you all,
all of these jobs are done in the
browser.
We're just data dogs and we're like
OpenClaw run our whole computer. Okay,
that's so sick. But at the end of the
day, most of this stuff can be done in
the browser and I haven't even
downloaded the desktop app yet. I
haven't even downloaded the desktop app
yet. Maybe that's the next thing I need
to do here today. Let's say uh Claude
desktop. I'm going I'm going so much
deeper. I'm going so much deeper here
into Cloud because it is the best model.
I mean, they have survival skills of a
fart calling out China and United States
of America, but
you know, it is what it is. I can't
control that. It's out of my control.
They got the best models. They got the
best tools. I'm downloading desktop.
I'll let you guys know. Let me know
below if you want me to do a desktop
desktop overview. Bring Claude to your
desktop. I'll go ahead and dive deep
into it, understand it, see how it can
be best used, and then from there, if
you want to hear that, just comment
below. Desktop